Eric - Panasonic Studio test going on right now. GMS today with legacy 5, tomorrow GMS at 9:00 am. They are painting outside of the studio this weekend.
Leland - we're having a cable running party on Saturday. We might have to postpone that depending on where they will be doing painting.
Eric - Everything should be done by Monday but the smell might still be around by then. Next Saturday we will be doing the waxing in Studio A.
Leland - if we don't do the cable running this weekend then it will have to be next weekend.
Jeff - HFTW sets are getting approved right now. There may be trusses going up in the next few weeks. No huge expense with that, may just need to purchase a little bit of piping. Marcus's set is going to look completely different than it did last time. It's much more open.
Jeff - discussion between Audio and Jeff about Marcus's set logistics
Shannon - I'm going to go ahead and cancel the active shooter stuff I had going on, on the 15th. We're going to have a lot more people here than I'd like to have.
David - Nothing pressing that I'm aware of.
Doug - I'd like to setup a meeting between IT, Eng, and oursevles to discuss Dante setup.
Leland - The asset management demo. The technical day is Tuesday. So if you want to make an appointment then it will be then. Make sure to get the developers to get in on a meeting with them.
Stephen - There will be some testing on 12.1 hopefully tomorrow. That channel maybe down temporarily. 10.1 also has multiview.
Leland - Israel is proceeding well. Hopefull the camera we're demoing today will help us make that decision. Brief discussion about the differences between the Panasonic and the Sony cameras.
Shannon - I need a timeline of when we can order the security cameras over there.
Leland - We need Frank to get us a bandwidth total so we know what kind of service to order.
Shannon - we will have half quality streaming to us over here and recording high quality recording directly to the server
Doug - Have you heard back from Harmonics? to stephen
Stephen - They have a solution that gives you 8 sterio pairs. But the pairs need to have the same type of audio on each pair. I have quotes for all equipment. I need to have a phone conversation meeting between Eric, Doug, me, and them. Continuing discussion about details between Stephen and Doug.

Personal Notes
- Get Developers to make appointment with Sharon Tinsley CC April for asset management demo next Tuesday.

- Spectrum circuit
- Prod2
- Rhozet on Marketing Prod2
- audio server






David Ribb - Open with Prayer
Leland - Does anyone know anything about a live shoot with Kenneth Copeland? Nope. Their engineers are talking to us but we don't know anything and their engineers don't know.
Sean - have you heard anything about Prod2?
Leland - I heard yesterday that they can begin working on it.
Sean - we were having some issues testing it both on SMB and NFS a few days ago but I don't know if David got those issues resolved.
Jake - we are continueing to have issues with SMB on prod1. it has now moved on to two other systems we have so we have to use NFS
Sean - I think the logic is, David is the only one who can work on this issue and right now I believe prod2 is his highest priority. So since y'all are still working on NFS right now, that's probably not as high a priority as getting prod2 up.
David - Do we want to move forward with the Dante?
Leland - we ordered a switch. it will be here before Tuesday.
David - Israel, I had some questions for Jonathan but didn't know if he was going to be here today.
Doug - Kyron connection. An SDI-DA, I don't know if it's already a routable path. The numbers aren't the same on each end of the cable.
Frank - physically show me the cables you're talking about this afternoon.
Doug - it's not urgent but we don't know when it's being deployed.
Leland - I think we're going to first get the REAL up and then look at that.
David - brief discussion about the studio schedule coming up this week. Any update on the harmonics encoder for israel?
Stephen - we have approval for what we had before. If you would like 16 channels then we can look at getting approval for that.
David - the most critical for us is just maintaining 4, like what we had before.
Shannon - heads up: fire drills today at 11:30. We had some issue with Five9 that they are saying Frank needs to look in to. We are going to setup the security camera's so your night guys (Patti) can see what's going on at night. Also, we're going to restore communication between you guys and Prayer night shift.
Jeff - Sensor going in points wise. Today, shoot at 11 in Studio A. Tomorrow two GMS's.
Steve - I have my wire guys going in at about 4. They have to pull studio A and B.
Shannon - bring them by security when they get here.
Steve - They think they can do it in 6 hours.
Eric - Next tuesday at 9 or 12 we are trying to do the cold read.
David - can't do 12 noon.
Eric - Ok, i'll push it for 9 then.
Kevin - I want to look at getting a new internet provider for Marcus's house. His current provider is dying about once a week. We will probably be changing our daystarguest password. We do block IMAP communication on that network.




























